# Dappcentre
We strive to help build communities for DAPPs (Decentralized Applications) &amp; other crypto related projects using social media.
Dappcentre platform consists of social media outlets such as: Telegram, Discord, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, Twitch, and most importantly our monetized YouTube channel. Dappcentre provides marketing services to crypto related businesses to help promote their products, while also building a community for their platforms. Dapps are becoming one of the most powerful tools for blockchain development and use case. We help bring these projects to the masses using a specialized marketing strategy that will help build a community for their platforms. We believe honesty & integrity is always the best policy. Our services are fully transparent, and we will be glad to share our analytics with our partners at any time.
What makes our marketing services different from the rest is our unique ecosystem using our own TRC-20 DAPPCENTS (DPC) token to reward our community members & content creators. Anyone with a TRON wallet address can become a contributor and can receive DPC tokens for participating in our marketing services. This ecosystem is what makes our services unique and how our platform is decentralized by its “Tokenomic” ecosystem.
DAPPCENTS (DPC) is a TRC-20 token built on the TRON Blockchain. Users will be rewarded DPC tokens by completing tasks and/or participating in Dappcentre’s marketing services. The rewarding system will be based on the contribution efforts of the user and the current market value. Users will be able to trade DPC tokens on a cryptocurrency exchange or hold DPC tokens in their personal TRON wallet. DPC tokens held in a personal TRON wallet address can receive airdrops of TRX if the tokens are eligible. Revenues from Dappcentre’s marketing services will be converted into TRX and will be held in a secure address designated for the Airdrop supply. The Airdrops will occur at the end of each monthly cycle, rewarding those who are holding the DPC tokens.
Rewards will be distributed to all the token holders eligible to incentivize users to hold the DPC token. The airdrops serve as a generous gift to our loyal supporters. Any revenue generated from the growth of the community, sponsorships, & referral commissions will be held in the Airdrop Pool and will be distributed based on the amount of DPC being held in the TRON wallet address at the time of snapshot. The snapshot will occur at the end of every calendar month and the Airdrop will occur no later than the 7th day of each month. The timing of snapshot and airdrops will occur at random times during each scheduled period to avoid anyone from taking advantage of the reward system. Dappcentre community is committed to the platform’s long-term growth and success. All the core team members have committed to developing for the platform throughout the foreseeable future and have performance-base incentives tied into their agreements. Any community member can participate the airdrop rewards if they meet all the criteria outlined in this document.
To help incentivize participation in obtaining more DPC by completing tasks, there will be a minimum holding requirement to be eligible to receive Airdrops. You can earn DPC by participating In the LIVE STREAM events via TWITCH & DISCORD. Community members can also earn DPC by completing tasks assigned by admin via TELEGRAM. The minimum requirement to receive Airdrops will increase every month. The minimum requirement was 1000 DPC to receive first Airdrop. This amount will increase to 5000 DPC for the 2nd round and will increase 1000 DPC each round after that until reaching the MAX minimum requirement of 100,000 DPC to receive Airdrops.
10 million DAPPCENTS (10% of the supply) will be held in the burn address TMdSFcxsKkf62eL9PgA6G2jmsZF3QCa5do 
All TRX distributed to this address from Airdrops will be used to buy back DAPPCENTS to stabilize the price.
All DAPPCENTS tokens bought back will be burned deflating the token supply and increase token value.
